Narrator: Today on "Dream Digs,"
we go inside the $7 million
New York City loft that has a zip line,
a full-size spiral slide,
a climbing wall, and more.
Lucy: So much fun.
Aly: I'm Aly Weisman,
and this is "Dream Digs."
Pediatrician Beth Worley has
four kids under the age of 14.
Each child got to design
their own dream bedroom,
and nothing was off-limits.
Catherine, Alex, Lucy, and
Caspian are going to show us
not only their one-of-a-kind bedrooms,
but also the family's biggest splurge,
their most prized possession,
and the best seat in the house.
Today we're outside the New York City loft
that's every kid's dream come true.
Beth: I was concerned
about having four children
in a New York apartment and cooped up
in the wintertime with nothing to do.
So we decided to create
a veritable playground
in the back of our apartment.
All: Welcome to our apartment!
Aly: The 4,000-square-foot loft
takes over the entire floor
of a residential building.
It has a 50-foot-wide great
room with 11-foot-tall ceilings,
14 windows, and a perfectly framed
view of the Empire State Building.
It was in the large chef's kitchen
that we found the
family's biggest splurge:
a 17-foot custom concrete kitchen island.
Beth: One of my favorite
things in this apartment
is this cement countertop, and they came
in with big cement mixers and built
the structure and then
poured the concrete.
We designed this to be able to seat eight
or 10 kids along it, and
then it also transitions
really well to adult dinner parties.
Because I love entertaining
so much, it makes sense
that this would be my biggest splurge.
Aly: Behind the large kitchen
and living room area
is the children's wing.
The hallway connecting all
four siblings' bedrooms
comes complete with the family's
most prized possession: a zip line.
Beth: This zip line is our
most prized possession.
We decided we wanted a zip line and worked
with our architect to
figure out how to do it.
Lucy: When my younger
brother was really little,
we'd take a little bag, it was canvas,
and we'd hook it on, and
we'd push him in the bag.
It wasn't super safe, but it was fun.
This zip line is my most prized
possession. It's the most unique thing
in the whole house. Definitely, 100%.
Outside of my room, I spend
most of my time on this thing.
Aly: Each child got to choose
one unique feature for their room.
Beth: Late in the summer
of 2012, I boarded a plane
with my four young children in tow.
We were leaving a big suburban house
in Menlo Park and moving to Manhattan.
About an hour into the flight to JFK,
I began to panic, and partly
to alleviate my anxiety
about the move and partly
to entertain my kids
during the flight, I
tasked them with drawing
pictures of what their
dream room would look like.
Luckily, my kids are super creative,
and they had just a bevy of ideas,
many of which we were able to do.
We searched for an architect
and interviewed a few who
thought we were a little crazy,
and then found Studio
DB who took the project,
and they were very excited to run with it.
Lucy: We have my lovely rock wall.
So much fun.
Aly: I sat down with the kids
to learn the inspirations
behind their designs.
And how did you choose a climbing wall
as your feature in your bedroom?
Lucy: Because I love
climbing, I climb on anything.
Aly: All right, well let me see, we gotta
put your skills to the test.
Am I too big for this wall,
or should I try climbing?
Lucy: No way, you should
definitely climb it, come on.
Aly: I did it!
Lucy: You did it!
Do you wanna try to jump down?
Aly: No way, Jose.
The siblings' bedrooms are all attached
by a tunnel that goes above each room.
These are some pretty sweet digs,
what makes this room so special?
Catherine: The monkey bars.
You know, you have those few
adults who are like "Oh, I'm
too old, I can't do anything,"
and then you have those
who are just gonna go out
and do a full headstand.
Aly: I love it.
Catherine: Being upside down.
Aly: Oh, my gosh, look at this
cool room. This is awesome.
Is this a world map?
Alex: It is a world map.
I used to and still do love maps.
Aly: What's your favorite
place in the world?
Alex: New York City.
Aly: Good answer, does it have anything
to do with you get to come home
to the coolest apartment in New York City?
Alex: Yes, that is a big factor.
Aly: Alex's room is also home
to one very special feature:
the best seat in the house.
It's a custom hammock in the kid's tunnel
that hangs above his bedroom. Alex
even has his own ladder to get there.
Are you sure this can support me?
Alex: Oh yeah.
Aly: I'm a lot bigger than you.
Aly: You pinky promise?
Alex: I do.
Aly: Above Caspian's room is the entrance
to a spiral slide that
empties into the media room.
Lucy: This is our playroom. It's awesome.
Caspian: It has a slide.
Lucy: Awesomest slide ever.
You can climb into it,
go down from it, climb onto it.
So one of the fun things
about this slide is
you can climb up from the outside,
and now I feel like I'm
the king of this house.
Aly: But the kids don't have
total control of the house.
Welcome to Mom's master bedroom.
Beth: I would like to say
that this is my sanctuary,
but that would be
stretching it a little bit.
Pretty much every time I come in,
there are an extra child or two
in my bed and some in the bathtub.
Lucy: So much fun.
Beth: But come on in to my secret spot.
So this is my study. When I really wanna
be alone and not hear anyone else,
this is the best place in the house.
I have two doors on each
side that block out the noise
from the rest of the house. Goodbye!
Aly: Now that mom is in her quiet space,
it was time for me to
unleash my inner child.
Lucy: Aly, you have to try this!
Aly: Is it my turn now?
Lucy: Yeah, it's your turn.
Aly: Uh oh, are you
guys gonna push me down?
Lucy: Definitely.
Aly: OK, let's see. Three, two, one.
Both: Ready, set, go.
Aly: I'm tired. I gotta go home.
All right, you guys tuckered me out today.
Thanks for the most fun day ever.
Have fun, bye guys!